Wrong use of onChange reload (#1302)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/FlexForms/Index.rst

.. code-block:: xml

   <onChange>reload</onChange>
   <config>
       <!-- ... -->
   </config>
       

> This element is optional and must go above the `<config>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :xml:`onChange` element is optional and must be placed on the same level as the :xml:`<config>` element.
```
